>> Brian Holt: And
while you were on lunch,
I figured out the styled components issue.
So let's go back and do that real quick.
So when we did flow type, again this
is kind of nascent ecosystem here.
We're still kind of figuring out how to
get this to all play nicely together.
When we did flow typed install.
>> Brian Holt: It was able to go out and
grab almost all the definitions,
except one, which is the one
definition that we were ignoring.
So now, the flow had no concept of
this and it was also being ignored.
So it just assumed that
module didn't exist.
And the reason why is,
styled components was updated,
maybe two days before
we started this course.
And so, I updated it, cuz I wanted to
be using the latest and greatest tech.
Unfortunately, they haven't had time to
release the new types for version two.
They only had the types for version 1.4.
However, the API that
we're going to be using,
we're not using many of the new features
or any of the new features really.
So we can go ahead and use the old
type definitions and be mostly fine.
So I want you to go
into your command line,
I want you to type flow-typed
install styled-components
@1.4, I think that should work.
>> Brian Holt: Honestly,
you can probably just do 1.
Nope, do 1.4.
And that'll give you the types for
1.46, I think.
Is that what it says?
No, it just doesn't say.
Okay, so 1.4.
And that should be sufficient for
what we're using,
despite the fact that we're using two.
So, a little bit of a dangerous operation,
right?
But it's gonna work, so just rest
assured that I've been down this path.
>> Brian Holt: So
now if we say yarn flow, it should work.
So we can get rid of this.
I had right here, dash,dash,
flow fix me which it says like
ignore the next line, right?
We can get rid of that now and
everything should be working.
>> Brian Holt: It should be saying,
no errors.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
any questions about that?
Any questions of types or
anything like that in general?
So I've only shown you like
a couple of ways of doing typing.
But we're gonna keep going and
doing more and more types as we go.
So we'll be learning little bits and
pieces about how to do specific type of
adaptation and some of the advantages that
you can get from the typing
system that we now have in place.
Again, none of this is required, right?
There's no problem if you just decide to
remove @ flow from all of your documents
and just keep going without types.
So I don't want for you to think that
this is a required part of React,
because it's definitely not, nor
is it necessarily tied to React.
You can write Angular
projects with flow as well.